{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13420\viewh10840\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Each file is a separate subjects, and has 2 minutes of resting data, and 2 minutes of task data. The data is from a single occipital channel. I took the simplest and smallest amount of data to start with - the initial 2 minute rest block that everyone does, and then the first 2 minutes from the experiment block for each subject. \
\
DATA DETAILS:\
- 500 Hz sampling frequency\
- Channel Oz (central occipital channel)\
\
FILE STRUCTURE:\
- oz_rest_data: 		120 seconds of rest data from channel Oz\
- oz_trial_data: 		120 seconds of task data from channel Oz\
- ev_types: 		List of event types in the \
- ev_times: 		Times for the events in the task data, in ms. \
					Times are ms with respect to the start of the epoch. \
\
Notes:\
- I think the event names are reasonably clear, let me know if you want more info. \
- Note that you\'92ll need a conversion to get the sample number from the event time. \
	round((ev_time / 1000) * 500) will give you sample number of the event. \
	^ EEGlab is a bit messy with event times, it won\'92t be exact, so this will round to nearest sample.\
		I think the mismatch has to do with the native sampling rate of the event channel (5000).\
- You probably want to demean the data. \
- This data has 
\b NOT
\b0  been extensively cleaned. Rest block data is usually pretty clean. For the task data, since I process everything by trial-epochs, there was no obvious way to take the cleaned data and give you a continuous file.\
- I suggest you eyeball the data before using it - if anything looks crazy just skip that chunk. \
\
SOURCE:\
Data comes from two slightly different experiments. They both have the same kind of rest block, collected at the beginning of the experiment, and the task for both is a visual target detection task. \
\
1000s - real-time Phase Behaviour (rtPB) - 15 subjects\
2000s - Phase Behaviour Attention (PBA) - 14 subjects\
\
There is tons more data if you want/need it. rtPB includes more rest blocks (~10 minutes per subject), PBA only has the 2 minutes included here. As for trial data, each subject has ~30-45 minutes of task data. Let me know if you want more -  this was just the easiest to start with. \
}